obviously was a tough deal on Saturday
very proud of our guys the way they
battled kind of had a slow start again
for at least the second week in a row
and I think we got a bead on a couple
things there that will help us out but I
think once the second quarter got going
I thought our defense was playing much
better and obviously the great job in
the second half and in offense if we
follow up with some things as well in
the second half despite how the score
goes we convert one of those two drives
we've got a chance to get within eight
points so still that old feeling it's
you're never out of it but we have to
continue to improve getting out of the
gates a little bit so we're going to try
to a few things there you know was a
tough day for tighter but again it's
never said this before it's there's 10
other guys at update they helped him out
there and when you don't get your
running game going and you're under
attack back there it's hard for any one
guy to get things going we had a tough
day up front but I love those guys I
really do they're good kids they've got
a huge sense of pride I think they've
done a great job for the most part
coming along this year and we struggled
and that's not taking any way from
Missouri because they're very good up
front there there are very good
defensive line and they're very good
defense based on the Tate and am team
right now that is really electric one of
the best offense is in the big 12 one of
the best office is in the country one of
the best quarterbacks doing a great job
run the football Cyrus carries a very
good tailback and they've got some juice
at wide receiver so they're kind of
hitting on all cylinders offensively
right now and it certainly starting to
gain some momentum the last couple weeks
so it will be imperative again for our
defense to play real well and for all
fenced I establish some continuity and
get going that way yeah we hope I think
a little more electricity yeah coming
out of the locker room like I said I
thought Tuesday's practice probably the
best I've had in a long time maybe even
even since here and it's interesting how
a couple things will kind of tweak it
you know we stopped them a little bit
defensively I had the pass interference
you know it takes them quite a few plays
to actually score on that drive we get a
at least one first down on offense but
then they have the big play that gash's
and then
time we turn it you know we turn it over
now our defense did a good job you know
going for and out in a goal-line stand
but just trying to get something going
on those first two drives both
offensively and defensively coming out
of tunnel so hopefully that'll be the
case well I know that I like it I mean
you you like it to show on the football
field you know you like to show in
practice I mean it's got a everyone can
be elated after a game when you win or
you know disappointed that you lose but
it's being able to funnel all those
emotions in the into basically your
practice in preparation and then in the
game and that's that's the trick right
there so it doesn't matter to me whether
they're showing it afterwards or not I
mean that's kind of irrelevant it's got
it's got to happen during the game we'll
see we'll see it's it's you know I've
said this before to you guys I mean Phil
Jackson always talks about those
breakthrough moments and you're never
exactly sure how they come or when they
come or why they come and sometimes you
think they come through a big win but
sometimes they come through a painful
loss to of pushing you over that
emotional edge and getting you to that
next level so hopefully we'll take
something from it